During my career break, I actively used Python to develop practical data science skills through personal development projects. I leveraged public datasets from Kaggle and Huggingface to build experience in various areas. The first development project is about building a classification model to predict bank term deposit outcomes (Yes/No). This development project involved data visualization using Matlib and Plotty, model screening using LazyPredict, XGBoost model training with Scikit, hyperparameter tuning with Hyperopt. I created new Python functions to integrate flow of k-fold cross validation with hyperparameter tuning. The final model achieved an F1 score of 84% and a recall of 83%. This development project showcases that even though I don’t have formal data science background, with the knowledge about model training workflow and metric, and understanding about Python libraries, I can still perform simple data science tasks.The second development project is about house price prediction using a regression model. I had created Ptyhon functions in my first project and able to reuse them in this development project. After screening I select Gradient Boosting Regressor for model training. Feature selection based on t-tests and SHAP importance helped identify key factors influencing house prices. In the final test data set, the model predicts sale price with R-squared of 0.87 and RMSE of $28,000, meanwhile the test data has mean of sale price is $176,023 and standard devidation of $75,225. Since the model has smaller RMSE than the standard deviation, the model performance is adequate. The last development project I did is to build a "Job Applicant Agent" using a Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) framework. This project involved setting up a local LLM environment using Ollama and creating a Chroma database and Streamlit for a user interface. The integration is done through Langchain. The Agent utilizes my resume and my interview QA documents to provide interview answers specific to my experiences. This project allowed me to explore LLMs and their potential applications in personalized tasks. These development projects demonstrate my ability to work independently, apply data science concepts to real-world problems, and continuously learn new technologies.